

https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/COVID19?tab=statement  31st may
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/FFL          3rd june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/BESTBATS?tab=submissions  3rd june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/CHFM         4th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/SPALNUM?tab=solution  4th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/GOODSET      6th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/EQUALCOIN    7th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/MODEFREQ     7th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/SUBANAGR     8th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/MINORMAX     8th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/COPS         8th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/ALEXNUMB     11th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/AXNODR       17th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/TIDRICE      18th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/XOREQUAL     18th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit-v2/TIDRICE   18th june
https://www.codechef.com/submit/AXNODR          20th july
https://www.codechef.com/submit/HOTEL           21st july
https://www.codechef.com/submit/SLAB            8th august
https://www.codechef.com/submit/MTYFRI?tab=statement   8th august
https://www.codechef.com/submit/SUMPRODSEG      21st august

https://www.codechef.com/submit/WEIRDSUBARR?tab=statement 21st october
https://www.codechef.com/submit/EQPAIR?tab=statement      25th october
https://www.codechef.com/submit/TRAVELER              5th november
https://www.codechef.com/submit/MEX                   5th november 
https://www.codechef.com/submit/SHKNUM                6th november
https://www.codechef.com/submit/SQUIRREL              10th november
https://www.codechef.com/problems/DIVBY3?tab=statement  Minimize swaps   4th december
https://www.codechef.com/problems/PYTHAGORAS?tab=statement     Pythagorean Pair   5th december


